W-15082979-dw-expression-builder-advanced-config-duke (#296)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/int-create-integrations.adoc

// include::partial$acb-ide-logos.adoc[tags="both-ides"]

> To process your business logic, create a basic integration with connectors and other components in your Mule application.

Author: ```suggestion
To process your data with business logic, create an integration with connectors and other components in a Mule application.
```

> Create a basic integration, add connectors and other components to your Mule application

Reviewer: Read it aloud. 

I do prefer removing "You can" wherever possible, but with these intros, I find I have to read the sentence twice to get what's happening.

Author: interesting, didn't realize

to process your business logic, and configure attributes.

> A typical workflow includes one or more of the following tasks:

Reviewer: Should this be ordered or unordered list?

Author: ordered, the bullets are options for step 1 (create from scratch or import int app)

It's spelling out the first step: ". Create or import an integration project:"

Reviewer: Ah, OK. I didn't realize it was a sublist.

> . Create or import an integration project:

Reviewer: Numbered list implies sequential.

* <<create-integration-project, Create an integration project>> 
+
Create the integration from scratch, or start from a project template or integration example that you import from Anypoint Exchange. For information about templates and examples in Exchange, see xref:exchange::asset-types.adoc[].

> * xref:int-import-mule-project.adoc[Import a project].

Reviewer: This is a bullet. Correct?

Author: yes

When you create an integration project from scratch or if your project from Exchange does not contain a flow structure (Flow, Subflow, or Error handling component), the canvas UI provides the option to create one. Otherwise, the canvas UI generates a graphical representation of the imported asset's components that you can use to start your configuration.

> [[add-components]]

Author: red content in this file moved to int-configure-components.adoc

+
The file's canvas UI provides the same options for building your project file that appear when you create an integration project. For an example and to get started with your configuration, see <<add-components, Add a Component to Your Project>>.

> [[open-component-from-xml]]

Author: red content in this file moved to int-configure-components.adoc
